feat: support aws secret manager (#11417)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/terminology/secret.md

```

Through the above two steps, when the user request hits the `key-auth` plugin, the real value of the key in the Vault will be obtained through the APISIX Secret component.

## Use AWS Secrets Manager to manage secrets

Managing secrets with AWS Secrets Manager is a secure and convenient way to store and manage sensitive information. This method allows you to save secret information in AWS Secrets Manager and reference these secrets in a specific format when configuring APISIX plugins.

> APISIX currently supports two access methods: [long-term credential access](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/zh_cn/sdkref/latest/guide/access-iam-users.html) and [short-term credential access](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/zh_cn/sdkref/latest/guide/access-temp-idc.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
APISIX currently supports two authentication methods: using [long-term credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/access-iam-users.html) and [short-term credentials](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/access-temp-idc.html).
```

Author: fixed

### Usage

```
$secret://$manager/$id/$secret_name/$key
```

- manager: secrets management service, could be the HashiCorp Vault, AWS, etc.
- id: APISIX Secrets resource ID, which needs to be consistent with the one specified when adding the APISIX Secrets resource
- secret_name: the secret name in the secrets management service
- key: get the value of a property when the value of the secret is a JSON string

### Required Parameters

| Name | Required | Default Value | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| access_key_id | Yes |  | AWS Access Key ID |
| secret_access_key | Yes |  | AWS Secret Access Key |
| session_token | No |  | Temporary access credential information |
| region | No | us-east-1 | AWS Region |

> | endpoint_url | No | https://secretsmanager.{region}.amazonaws.com | AWS Secret Manager URL |

Reviewer: Please update to True or False

<img width="737" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7a2156d9-bddd-434d-bf83-16dce8c629bb">

Author: fixed

### Example: use in key-auth plugin

Here, we use the key-auth plugin as an example to demonstrate how to manage secrets through AWS Secrets Manager.

> Step 1: Create the corresponding key in the aws secrets manager.Here, [localstack](https://www.localstack.cloud/) is used for simulation, and you can use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1: Create the corresponding key in the AWS secrets manager. Here, [localstack](https://www.localstack.cloud/) is used for as the example environment, and you can use the following command:
```

Author: fixed

```shell
docker exec -i localstack sh -c "awslocal secretsmanager create-secret --name jack --description 'APISIX Secret' --secret-string '{\"auth-key\":\"value\"}'"
```

> Step 2: Add APISIX Secrets resources through the Admin API, configure the connection information such as the address of AWS Secrets Manager:

Author: fixed

{
    "endpoint_url": "http://127.0.0.1:4566",
    "region": "us-east-1",
    "access_key_id": "access",
    "secret_access_key": "secret",
    "session_token": "token"
}'
```

If you use APISIX Standalone mode, you can add the following configuration in `apisix.yaml` configuration file:

```yaml
secrets:
  - id: aws/1
    endpoint_url: http://127.0.0.1:4566
    region: us-east-1
    access_key_id: access
    secret_access_key: secret
    session_token: token
```

Step 3: Reference the APISIX Secrets resource in the `key-auth` plugin and fill in the key information:

```shell
curl http://127.0.0.1:9180/apisix/admin/consumers \
-H "X-API-KEY: $admin_key" -X PUT -d '
{
    "username": "jack",
    "plugins": {
        "key-auth": {
            "key": "$secret://aws/1/jack/auth-key"
        }
    }
}'
```

Through the above two steps, when the user request hits the `key-auth` plugin, the real value of the key in the Vault will be obtained through the APISIX Secret component.

### Verification

You can verify this with the following command:

```shell
#Replace the following your_route with the actual route path.
curl -i http://127.0.0.1:9080/your_route -H 'apikey: value'
```

> This will verify whether the key-auth plugin is correctly using the key from AWS Secrets Manager.

Author: fixed
